EduBridge is a lightweight platform designed to connect students and teachers for various educational purposes, including assignments, messaging, and classroom collaboration. The platform aims to facilitate a seamless learning experience by providing a range of features and tools. This article provides an overview of the EduBridge platform, its features, and technical details.

== Overview ==
The EduBridge repository contains the starter code and documentation for the EduBridge web app, making it a valuable resource for developers and educators alike. By leveraging the power of web technologies, EduBridge seeks to '''bridge''' the gap between students, teachers, and educational resources.

=== Features ===
EduBridge boasts a variety of features that enhance the learning experience. These include:
* '''Classrooms''': create and manage class groups, enabling teachers to organize their students and assignments efficiently.
* '''Assignments''': create, submit, and grade assignments, streamlining the assessment process.
* '''Messaging''': facilitate teacher-student and peer communication, fostering a sense of community and collaboration.
* '''Resource Hub''': upload and share learning materials, providing a centralized repository of educational resources.
* '''Analytics''': offer basic engagement and performance insights, helping teachers to track student progress and identify areas for improvement.

== Technical Details ==
The EduBridge platform is built using a range of technologies, including:
* '''Frontend''': '''React''' (or alternative frameworks), providing a flexible and responsive user interface.
* '''Backend''': '''Node.js''' + '''Express''' (or alternative backends), handling server-side logic and API interactions.
* '''Database''': '''PostgreSQL''' / '''MongoDB''', storing and managing educational data.
* '''CI''': '''GitHub Actions''', automating testing, building, and deployment processes.

== Installation ==
To get started with EduBridge, follow these steps:
1. Clone the repository: <code>git clone https://github.com/Nicholas-Tritsaris/EduBridge.git</code>
2. Change into the repository directory: <code>cd EduBridge</code>
Further instructions are available in the repository's README file.

== External Links ==
For more information about the EduBridge project, visit the [https://github.com/Nicholas-Tritsaris/EduBridge GitHub repository].