Nicholas-Tritsaris.github.io is a GitHub repository that appears to be a personal website or portfolio for Nicholas Tritsaris. The repository contains a README file with contact information and a badge indicating the number of pull request reviews from CodeRabbit. The purpose and content of the repository are not explicitly stated, but it seems to be a central hub for Nicholas Tritsaris' online presence.

== Overview ==
The Nicholas-Tritsaris.github.io repository is a GitHub repository that serves as a personal website or portfolio for Nicholas Tritsaris. The repository's primary content is a README file, which contains contact information and a badge from CodeRabbit.

=== Contact Information ===
The repository's README file lists several email addresses, including ''info.quantum.core.systems@gmail.com'', ''nicholas.tritsaris13@gmail.com'', ''nicholas.tritsaris13@bk.ru'', and ''nicholas@mail.sb''. These email addresses may be used to contact Nicholas Tritsaris for various purposes.

=== CodeRabbit Integration ===
The repository's README file features a badge from [CodeRabbit](https://coderabbit.ai), which indicates the number of pull request reviews for the repository. This suggests that Nicholas Tritsaris is using CodeRabbit to manage and review pull requests for his repository.

== Features ==
As the repository's content is not explicitly stated, the features of Nicholas-Tritsaris.github.io are not well-defined. However, based on the presence of a README file and a CodeRabbit badge, it can be inferred that the repository is used for:

* Hosting a personal website or portfolio
* Managing and reviewing pull requests using CodeRabbit
* Providing contact information for Nicholas Tritsaris

== Installation ==
There is no installation process for Nicholas-Tritsaris.github.io, as it is a GitHub repository and not a software application. However, users can access the repository's content by visiting the [repository page](https://github.com/Nicholas-Tritsaris/Nicholas-Tritsaris.github.io).