Science-notes is a GitHub repository that provides a comprehensive online resource for science students and enthusiasts. The repository contains a collection of HTML files that cover various branches of science, including chemistry, physics, biology, and astronomy. The website features a dynamic periodic table, element pages, and sections dedicated to different scientific disciplines. This article provides an overview of the Science-notes repository, its features, and how to access its content.

== Overview ==
The Science-notes repository was created on December 18, 2025, and was last modified on the same day. The repository contains a total of 9 HTML files, each serving a specific purpose. The main portal of the website is the '''index.html''' file, which features a periodic table that links to dynamic element pages.

=== Repository Structure ===
The repository has the following structure:
* '''index.html''': The main portal with a periodic table
* '''element.html''': Dynamic element pages
* '''chemistry.html''': Chemistry section
* '''physics.html''': Physics section
* '''biology.html''': Biology section
* '''astronomy.html''': Astronomy section
* '''experiments.html''': Experiments section
* '''references.html''': References section
* '''guestbook.html''': Guestbook with localStorage

== Features ==
The Science-notes repository offers several features that make it a valuable resource for science students and enthusiasts. Some of the key features include:
* A dynamic '''periodic table''' that links to element pages
* '''Element pages''' that provide detailed information about each element
* Sections dedicated to different scientific disciplines, including '''chemistry''', '''physics''', '''biology''', and '''astronomy'''
* An '''experiments''' section that provides instructions for conducting science experiments
* A '''references''' section that lists sources used in the website
* A '''guestbook''' that allows users to leave comments and feedback

== Installation ==
To access the content of the Science-notes repository, users can simply clone the repository and open the '''index.html''' file in a web browser. The website is designed to be self-contained, and all the necessary files are included in the repository. Users can also access the website by visiting the GitHub pages site, although this may require additional setup.