The '''web-badges''' repository is a collection of Web-Badges/buttons used by the developer. This repository is currently a work-in-progress, as indicated by the ''WIP'' label. It serves as a central location for storing and managing various web badges, making it easier to access and utilize them in different projects.

== Overview ==
The '''web-badges''' repository is a personal collection of web badges and buttons. The repository's primary purpose is to store and organize these badges, providing a convenient way to reuse them across multiple projects. The collection includes a variety of badges, each serving a specific purpose or promoting a particular service.

=== Repository Contents ===
The repository contains a range of web badges, including buttons for popular services and platforms. These badges can be used to add visual appeal to websites, link to external services, or promote specific causes. The collection is constantly evolving, with new badges being added as the developer discovers or creates them.

== Features ==
The '''web-badges''' repository offers several key features, including:
* A centralized location for storing and managing web badges
* A diverse collection of badges for various services and platforms
* Easy access to the badges, allowing for simple integration into projects

== Installation ==
To use the web badges in the '''web-badges''' repository, users can simply copy the desired badge's code and paste it into their project. The repository does not require any complex installation process, making it easy for developers to get started with using the badges.

== External Links ==
For more information about the '''web-badges''' repository, visit the [GitHub Repository] to explore the collection and learn how to contribute.