The '''WebGL Globe''' is an open platform for geographic data visualization created by the Google Data Arts Team. It is a tool for visualizing latitude longitude based information using '''WebGL'''. The platform encourages users to copy the code, add their own data, and create their own globes. Examples of globes created using this platform can be found at [https://experiments.withgoogle.com/chrome/globe].

== Overview ==
The '''WebGL Globe''' supports data in '''JSON''' format. A sample of this data format can be found [https://github.com/dataarts/webgl-globe/blob/master/globe/population909500.json here]. The platform makes heavy use of the '''Three.js library''' [https://github.com/mrdoob/three.js/]. The '''WebGL Globe''' is designed to be interactive and animated, allowing users to engage with the data in a more immersive way.

=== Data Format ===
The '''WebGL Globe''' expects data to be in a specific '''JSON''' format. This format is illustrated by the following example:
```javascript
var data = [
    [
    'seriesA', [ latitude, longitude, magnitude, latitude, longitude, magnitude, ... ]
    ],
    [
    'seriesB', [ latitude, longitude, magnitude, latitude, longitude, magnitude, ... ]
    ]
];
```
This format allows for multiple series of data to be included, each with its own set of latitude, longitude, and magnitude values.

== Features ==
The '''WebGL Globe''' has several key features that make it a powerful tool for geographic data visualization. These include:
* Support for '''JSON''' data format
* Interactive and animated globe
* Ability to add multiple series of data
* Use of the '''Three.js library''' for rendering

== Basic Usage ==
To use the '''WebGL Globe''', users can follow these basic steps:
```javascript
// Where to put the globe?
var container = document.getElementById( 'container' );

// Make the globe
var globe = new DAT.Globe( container );

// We're going to ask a file for the JSON data.
var xhr = new XMLHttpRequest();

// Where do we get the data?
xhr.open( 'GET', 'myjson.json', true );

// What do we do when we have it?
xhr.onreadystatechange = function() {

    // If we've received the data
    if ( xhr.readyState === 4 && xhr.status === 200 ) {

        // Parse the JSON
        var data = JSON.parse( xhr.responseText );

        // Tell the globe about your JSON data
        for ( var i = 0; i < data.length; i ++ ) {
            globe.addData( data[i][1], {format: 'magnitude', name: data[i][0]} );
        }

        // Create
```
This code snippet demonstrates how to create a globe, load '''JSON''' data, and add it to the globe.

== Installation ==
To install the '''WebGL Globe''', users can clone the repository from [https://github.com/dataarts/webgl-globe GitHub]. The repository includes all the necessary code and examples to get started with creating your own globes. Users can also submit their own globes to be featured on the [http://www.chromeexperiments.com/ Chrome Experiments] website.